that's what's got to be in it what the
Capitol dome I'm painting I want to make
that come to life for every boy in this
land yes and all write it up like that
too
you see you see boys forget what their
country means by just reading a land of
the free and history books and they get
to be men they forget even more
liberties to precious a thing to be
buried in books and summers men should
hold it up in front of them every single
day of their lives and say I'm free to
think and to speak my ancestors couldn't
I can and my children will
boys ought to grow up remembering that
and that that steering committee or
whatever it is they've got to see it
like that and I know senator Paine will
do all he can to help me because he's a
wonderful man isn't dishonours you know
he knew my father he did yeah yeah we
need a lot more like him his kind of
character his ideals um let's get off of
this oh yes all right
as cams gonna be out in your state about
200 of the most beautiful acres that
ever will have you've never been out in
that country heavy massage now I've been
over every single foot of it you could
have no idea just have to see it for
yourself I don't know the prairies and
wind leaning on the tall grass and lazy
streams down on the meadows angry little
midgets of water up in the mountains
cattle moving down the slope against the
Sun campfires snowdrifts
you know everybody ought to have some of
that sometime in his life
my dad had the right idea
get it all worked out you say to me son
don't miss the wonders that surround you
because every treaty every Rock every
anthill every stars filled with the
wonders of nature and he used to say to
me have you ever noticed how grateful
you are to see daylight again after
coming through a long dark tunnel well
he'd say always try to see life around
you as if you've just come out of a
tunnel
[Music]